Hey guys before we start styling the next section I would like to make a quick change for my setup because
live server is doing one of its annoying little things.
Now let me first I'll show you what's happening so let's say we have the section here disco section
and I'm gonna head over back to my CSX and I'm gonna say let's say for the skills section I would like
to have different background.
So let's say this is gonna be right now what's gonna happen is I would like to make these changes so
you can see each and every time as we're writing the property what is happening.
However the problem is that once in a while a live server decides that live server is going to do the
full reload.
Now what does that mean.
Well the changes have been applied but I would need to scroll up and down each and every time and I
find that really annoying especially as we're working throughout the senatorial.
So first of all let me show you where this is coming from.
So I must say if I'm gonna go to the settings and if I'm going to look for full reload time full reload
reload and I'm gonna get the live server settings for reload.
Technically it says that by default this should be false.
So only if I click it here.
This should be happening.
However the problem is even if I am having this tour the false or if I'm not even clicking on the box
as you can see it's still doing it.
So even though I'm to say here false and we're gonna head over again to the styles we're going to scroll
down and let's say a color is gonna be on on below.
Then still gonna be getting the full reload.
And again I find this really really annoying.
So what I did is I changed the life server that I'm using.
Again you don't have to do it maybe on your machine is not doing.
And in my case like I'm saying it depends.
Sometimes life server does that sometimes it doesn't do.
So it really I guess depends on the day.
So what I did is I found this guy and I actually have been using it on my other machine anyway so preview
and believe there was preview on the web web server.
That was nice extension.
Again this is not gonna change anything dramatically.
So we're gonna do the install first.
We're going to install it.
And the way you run it is again you right click it and then you have two options so you can either look
on the browser or you can log on.
I don't know.
It was the side window or something like that.
Let me first close the settings.
So here I'm going to just get rid of this.
When I say that I wouldn't want that.
And the way this is gonna work right now let me close the extension tab.
Let me also close the sidebar.
I don't think we need it and go back to the files.
Let me minimize this.
And the one you right click it here and let me see you will probably needed to reloading.
My apologies.
Let me head over back.
Let me see Where is my actual preview on the server.
Then this is installed.
So all this has been working really well.
So that's weird.
Oh yeah.
So we needed to go back to the next session and that was the difference.
My apologies.
You couldn't do it.
I believe we could have done the life server from the mains to assess what's making him go back to the
files.
But we could do it the life server from the CSF.
But here with this preview on the web server you do need to do it from the HDMI and that case again
you have two things you have the side panel as well as the browser on my case what I would like to do
is launch it in a browser.
Now this is going to launch it in a browser and this uses the browser thing.
So now this is gonna fix my problem.
I'm gonna go back to the style sensors and let's say we're going to add some different color yellow
then the changes are gonna happen right here and this is not gonna do the full reload which is gonna
be much much more beneficial for us especially because I want you to see each and every time what we're
doing we the property and what kind of changes it's affecting again.
Long story short if this does not affect you you don't have to change it and thing with the left server.
However if you are experiencing the same problems as I am you can go ahead and use this preview on the
web server.
So I'm gonna close the extension I will gonna get rid of this live server one that's open and also remember
if you do have it open on the big one it's not technically gonna make a difference you can keep this
as a live server one however for the other one preview on the web there is a different host so we need
to be looking for 80 80 and then we have forward slash indexation AML.
So again this is just gonna be our Live Preview anyway.
And that would be the only changes that I would like to quickly make.
Just in case you are experiencing the same issues that I am with a life server.